---
id: 162
title: 'What&#8217;s hot?'
date: 2009-03-12T00:14:14+00:00
author: tiago
layout: post
guid: http://www.tiagoespinha.net/?p=162
permalink: /2009/03/whats-hot/
categories:
  - my life
tags:
  - Google
  - Google Summer of Code
  - "GSoC'09"
  - my life
  - School
---
I am certainly not. My life&#8217;s about to get shaken up a little and I am going from idleness to a rather busy period, or so I believe.

At this point I have decided I will be applying once more for Google Summer of Code. I applied last year and sadly, didn&#8217;t get approved. Still, I stuck around an open source project and actually got to do some work on it. The experience was invaluable and I am going for the very same project again. My experience will be a plus and I really am looking forward to be part of GSoC&#8217;09.

At the same time, I am having to do research for my final school project: analyzing and proofing the eXplicit Control Protocol (XCP). As exciting as it may sound, it gets a little demotivating when the true goals of our project are, to say the least, blurry. Still, I am aiming to do the best I can.

Still on my thought currently are two school subjects:
  
&#8211; Decision Support Systems &#8211; The labs on this subject are turning out quite interesting. The definition of DSS **is** interesting and it is fascinating to get your hands dirty with data warehouses and with extreme load scenarios. The theory however is kinda boring and dull&#8230;

&#8211; Enterprise Information Systems &#8211; Good ole SAP. It looks like this subject will be extremely intensive and will require a lot of work but it is certainly a nice challenge. Having SAP in my CV will also be a massive stepping stone for the future as SAP consultants are not only **very** well paid, but the position is also always in constant demand.

For the near future I also have some extra-curricular plans. I have volunteered to be part of the FITEC event, so that should be interesting.

And that&#8217;s all folks! I better go get some sle&#8230;..get back to work I mean! 😉